<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:gale="http://gale.tue.nl/adaptation">
    <p>
	Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, was the Transfiguration Professor, and later Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. <br/>
	Professor Dumbledore also served as Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. <br/> 
	He was a half-blood, Muggle-supporting wizard, the son of Percival and Kendra Dumbledore, and the elder brother of Aberforth and Ariana. <br/>
	His father died in Azkaban when Dumbledore was young, while his mother and sister were later accidentally killed. <br/>
	His early losses greatly affected him early on, even at his death, but in turn made him a better person. <br/>
	Albus Dumbledore was considered to be the most powerful wizard of his time. He was most famous for his defeat of Gellert Grindelwald,<br/>
	the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with Nicolas Flamel.<br/>
	<br/>
	It was through Dumbledore that resistance to the rise of Lord Voldemort was formed, as it was he who founded and led both the <br/>
	first and second Order of the Phoenix. Due to the fact that he had a keen mind and legendary power, Dumbledore became the only wizard <br/>
	that Voldemort ever feared. He was the wielder and the master of the Elder Wand from 1945 until 1997 and considered by many as the greatest <br/>
	Headmaster to ever grace Hogwarts. As he was about to die by a cursed ring, he planned his own death with Severus Snape. <br/>
	He was killed by Snape during the Battle of the Astronomy Tower. <br/>
	<br/>
	Though he was no longer alive at the time, it was through Dumbledore's manipulations that Voldemort was ultimately<br/>
	defeated and peace restored to the wizarding world. He is the only Headmaster that was laid to rest at Hogwarts. <br/>
	Albus Dumbledore's portrait still remains at Hogwarts. Harry Potter later named his second son Albus Severus Potter after him. 
	</p>
</div>