<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:gale="http://gale.tue.nl/adaptation">
    <p>
	Harry James was a half-blood wizard, the only child and son of the late James and Lily Potter, <br/>
	and one of the most famous wizards of modern times. In what proved to be a vain attempt to circumvent a prophecy that stated <br/>
	that a boy born at the end of July of 1980 could be able to defeat him, Lord Voldemort tried to murder him when he was a year and <br/>
	three months old. Voldemort murdered Harry's parents as they tried to protect him, shortly before attacking Harry. <br/>
	This early unsuccessful attempt to vanquish Harry led to Voldemort's first downfall, marking the end of the First Wizarding War <br/>
	and to Harry henceforth being known as the "Boy Who Lived." One consequence of Lily's loving sacrifice was that her orphaned son <br/>
	had to be raised by her only remaining blood relative. Harry was raised by his Muggle aunt Petunia Dursley, <br/>
	where he would be protected from Lord Voldemort, due to the Bond of Blood charm Albus Dumbledore placed upon him. <br/>
	This powerful charm would protect him until he became of age. As the only known survivor of the Killing Curse (up to that point), <br/>
	Harry was already famous before he arrived at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.<br/>
	<br/>
	On his eleventh birthday Harry learnt that he was a wizard. He began attending Hogwarts in 1991 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House.<br/>
	While at school, Harry became best friends with Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, and later became the youngest Quidditch Seeker in <br/>
	over a century and eventually the captain of his house's team, winning two Quidditch Cups.[53] He became even better known in his <br/>
	early years for protecting the Philosopher's Stone from Voldemort, saving Ron's sister Ginny Weasley, solving the mystery <br/>
	of the Chamber of Secrets, slaying Salazar Slytherin's basilisk, and learning how to conjure a corporeal stag Patronus at the age of <br/>
	thirteen. In his fourth year Harry won the Triwizard Tournament, although the competition ended with the tragic death of Cedric Diggory <br/>
	and the return of Lord Voldemort. During the next school year, Harry reluctantly taught and led Dumbledore's Army. He also fought <br/>
	in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, during which he lost his godfather, Sirius Black.<br/>
	<br/>
	Harry played a significant role in many other battles of the Second Wizarding War. He, Ron, and Hermione hunted down and <br/>
	destroyed Voldemort's Horcruxes. During the Battle of Hogwarts Harry personally saw the deaths of Severus Snape and Fred Weasley, <br/>
	and learned that Remus Lupin, Nymphadora Tonks, Colin Creevey, and many others had fallen in battle as well. <br/>
	He encountered Voldemort and sacrificed himself, knowing that his doing so was the only way to destroy the fragment of Voldemort's <br/>
	soul inside him. In limbo, after Voldemort cursed him in the forest clearing, Albus Dumbledore gave Harry advice and background information <br/>
	on the Dark Lord. When told he could choose to live or to "move on", Harry chose to live. After he awoke he confronted Voldemort and <br/>
	defeated him once and for all.<br/>
	<br/>
	Harry was also notable for being the only known Master of Death, having united the three Deathly Hallows at the mere age of seventeen.<br/>
	After the war, Harry became an Auror and helped to reform and revolutionise the Ministry of Magic. At some point he married Ginny Weasley, <br/>
	with whom he had three children: James Sirius (named after his father and godfather), Albus Severus (named after Albus Dumbledore <br/>
	and Severus Snape), and Lily Luna (named after his mother and Luna Lovegood). He was also named the godfather of Edward Remus Lupin.<br/>
	In 2007 Harry was promoted to Head of the Auror Office at the age of 26[54][47], and would occasionally deliver <br/>
	Defence Against the Dark Arts lectures at Hogwarts. He later went on to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement.
	</p>
	
</div>