<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:gale="http://gale.tue.nl/adaptation">
    <p>
	Minister Hermione Jean Granger was a Muggle-born witch born to Mr and Mrs Granger, both dentists. <br/>
	Hermione was raised as a Muggle girl until, at age eleven, she learned that she was a witch and had been accepted into <br/>
	Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She began attending the school on 1 September, 1991, where she was subsequently <br/>
	sorted into Gryffindor House, despite being considered for Ravenclaw. She possessed a brilliant academic mind, and proved to be a <br/>
	gifted student in almost every subject that she studied. She was very studious and bookish.<br/>
	<br/>
	Hermione first met Harry Potter and Ron Weasley aboard the Hogwarts Express. Both boys found Hermione unfriendly and <br/>
	somewhat of an insufferable know-it-all. Later, her eagerness to please her professors and her constant correct answers <br/>
	reinforced their initial impression. However, in spite of the cool relationship between the three, Hermione stepped in to take the <br/>
	blame from Ron and Harry after they had saved her from a troll on Hallowe'en in 1991. Harry and Ron were surprised, <br/>
	but grateful and the three quickly became friends.<br/>
	<br/>
	In her second year, Hermione played a crucial role in the discovery of the Chamber of Secrets, before falling victim to the <br/>
	basilisk unleashed upon Hogwarts following the opening of the Chamber. She was recovered from her petrification under the care of <br/>
	Madam Pomfrey with the assistance of Professor Sprout's Mandrake Restorative Draught. The following year, Hermione was granted <br/>
	permission to use, and was sent, a Time-Turner from the Ministry of Magic to facilitate her volition to study far more subjects <br/>
	than was possible without time travel. Later in the year, she and Harry would use the Time-Turner to rescue Sirius Black from <br/>
	the Dementor's Kiss as well as Buckbeak the hippogriff from execution. During her fourth year at Hogwarts, Hermione became an <br/>
	advocate for the better treatment of house-elves, forming the association S.P.E.W. She also helped Harry prepare for the <br/>
	Triwizard Tournament. In her fifth year, she was the driving force behind the creation of Dumbledore's Army. Later in her fifth year, <br/>
	she fought alongside Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood, and Neville Longbottom in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries.<br/>
	In her sixth year, she fought in the Battle of the Astronomy Tower and, at the beginning of what would have been her seventh year,<br/>
	the Battle of the Seven Potters in 1997.<br/>
	<br/>
	Hermione and Ron both decided not to return to Hogwarts for their final year of studies and instead chose to accompany <br/>
	Harry on his quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes. She then fought in, and survived, the Battle of Hogwarts, <br/>
	as well as destroying Hufflepuff's Cup, a horcrux with Ron Weasley, using a basilisk fang found in the Chamber of Secrets <br/>
	(then opened by Ron imitating Harry saying "open" in Parseltongue).<br/>
	<br/>
	Following the Second Wizarding War, Hermione went back to Hogwarts to complete her education. <br/>
	Later she found employment with the Ministry of Magic, furthering the cause for the better treatment of house-elves, <br/>
	before being promoted to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. She eventually married Ron Weasley, and together they <br/>
	had two children Rose and Hugo. Hermione became the godmother of Harry and Ginny Potter's eldest son James. By the year 2019 <br/>
	she was the elected Minister for Magic. <br/>
	</p>
</div>