<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:gale="http://gale.tue.nl/adaptation">
    <p>
	Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley was a pure-blood wizard, the sixth son of Arthur and Molly Weasley. He was also the younger brother <br/>
	of Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, and the elder brother of Ginny. Ron and his brothers and sister lived in the Burrow. <br/>
	Ron began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House. <br/>
	He soon became best friends with fellow student Harry Potter and later Hermione Granger.<br/>
	<br/>
	Together, they faced many challenges during their adolescence, including keeping the Philosopher's Stone from Professor Quirinus Quirrell,<br/>
	saving Ron's sister from the Chamber of Secrets, forming Dumbledore's Army, and fighting in numerous battles of the Second Wizarding War: <br/>
	including the Battle of the Department of Mysteries (1996), Battle of the Astronomy Tower (1997), and Battle of the Seven Potters (1997). <br/>
	Ron also became a Gryffindor prefect and a Keeper on the Gryffindor Quidditch team during his fifth year at Hogwarts. <br/>
	He skipped his last year of school in order to accompany Harry and Hermione on a hunt to destroy all of Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes <br/>
	and fought in the Battle of Hogwarts in 1998, during which he lost his brother Fred, a loss which devastated him and his family.<br/>
	<br/> After the war, Ron became an Auror and helped reform and revolutionise the Ministry of Magic. After two years as an Auror, <br/>
	he went to work at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes with his brother George.[28] He and Hermione eventually married and had two children, <br/>
	Rose and Hugo Granger-Weasley. Ron was also named the godfather of James Sirius Potter, his sister Ginny Weasley's and Harry Potter's <br/>
	eldest child. 
	</p>
</div>