<section xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:gale="http://gale.tue.nl/adaptation">
  <head>
    <title>Diagon Alley Main Street</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Diagon Alley is a cobblestoned wizarding alley and shopping area located in London, England behind a pub called the Leaky Cauldron. <br/>
    Inside the alley is an assortment of restaurants, shops, and other sights.<br/>
    All items on the Hogwarts supply list can be bought at Diagon Alley. <br/>
    The alley is completely hidden from the Muggle world which is right outside of its boundaries.<br/>
    It is very large in area and essentially the centre of wizarding London.<br/>
    Diagon Alley is accessible from Muggle London through the Leaky Cauldron, which is on Charing Cross Road, <br/>
    set between a bookshop and a record shop. The Muggles who pass by the inn seem to be "quite unconscious" of its existence. <br/>
    Knockturn Alley, a dark artefacts area, is an off shoot of Diagon Alley, as are the areas of Horizont Alley and Carkitt Market.<br/>
    The entrance is behind the Leaky Cauldron in a small, walled courtyard with a dustbin. <br/>
    Diagon Alley can be accessed by tapping the correct brick in the wall behind the Leaky Cauldron <br/>
    (from the trash can, three up and two across). The wall goes in a small hole first but forms a large archway.<br/>
    It can also be accessed by Floo Powder and Apparition</p>.

    <h4>History</h4>
    <p>The Leaky Cauldron was present long before Charing Cross Road was even planned in the nineteenth centery; <br/>
    its true address is number one, Diagon Alley, and it is believed to have been built some time in the early 1500s, <br/>
    along with the rest of the wizarding street.<br/>
    It is a popular historical theory that the second oldest building in Diagon Alley is Gringotts Wizarding Bank <br/>
    and that the other shops grew up around it.<br/>
    However, there is a possibility that Ollivanders is the oldest building, records dating back to the late fourth century B.C.<br/>
    When the Statute of Secrecy was imposed Diagon Alley was hidden by the use of many powerful spells of concealment. <br/>
    The then Minister for Magic, Ulick Gamp agreed to give the landlord of the day present at the Leaky Caluldron <br/>
    responsibility for letting people into Diagon Alley from his back yard.<br/></p>
    <h4>Shops</h4>
    <ul>
      <li>2nd Hand Brooms</li>
      <li>Amanuensis Quills</li>
      <li>Apothecary</li>
      <li>Broomstix</li>
      <li>Eeylops Owl Emporium</li>
      <li>Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour</li>
      <li>Flourish and Blotts</li>
      <li>Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop</li>
      <li>Gringotts Wizarding Bank</li>
      <li>Junk Shop</li>
      <li>The Leaky Cauldron</li>
      <li>Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions</li>
      <li>Madam Primpernelle's Beautifying Potions</li>
      <li>Magical Menagerie</li>
      <li>Obscurus Books</li>
      <li>Ollivanders</li>
      <li>Potage's Cauldron Shop</li>
      <li>Quality Quidditch Supplies</li>
      <li>Rosa Lee Teabag</li>
      <li>Scribbulus Writing Instruments</li>
      <li>Second-Hand Bookshop</li>
      <li>Second-Hand Robes</li>
      <li>Slug and Jiggers Apothecary</li>
      <li>Sugarplum's Sweets Shop</li>
      <li>TerrorTours</li>
      <li>The Ministry Press</li>
      <li>The Daily Prophet's main office</li>
      <li>Twilfitt and Tatting's</li>
      <li>Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes</li>
      <li>Whizz Hard Books</li>
      <li>Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment</li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</section>
