<section xmlns="http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/strict" xmlns:gale="http://gale.tue.nl/adaptation">
    <gale:text tag="default" type="creole">
        Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, also known as Weasley &amp; Weasley, is a joke shop located at Number 93 Diagon Alley
        founded by
        Fred and George Weasley.
    </gale:text>
    <gale:text tag="default" type="creole">
        The shop contains practical joke objects, such as Extendable Ears, a Reusable Hangman, Skiving Snackboxes,
        and Fred and George's special WonderWitch products, such as; Love Potions, Ten-Second Pimple Vanishers and Pygmy
        Puffs.
    </gale:text>
    <gale:text tag="default" type="creole">
        There is also a section of Muggle Magic Tricks "for freaks like Dad", which are said to do steady business,
        despite not being big sellers. The shop also sells a number of defensive magical objects. This establishment
        started
        out as an 'owl-post service' led by the twins from the Burrow, (later continued from Hogwarts), selling
        joke-products until
        the final shop was opened.
    </gale:text>
    <gale:text tag="default" type="creole">
        The shop was the Weasley twins' dream. However, they had a few things holding them back: their mother. <br/>
        Molly Weasley attempted to force them through their 7th and final year at Hogwarts, but they boiled over during
        Umbridge's
        time at Hogwarts and dramatically flew away on broom sticks. The money for the shop was donated to them from
        [[../hall-of-fame/harry-potter| Harry Potter]],
        who gave them his Triwizard Tournament prize of 1,000 Galleons.
    </gale:text>
</section>
